SCRIPT
======


---
Village Life

Stream flows through village.  Water turns sour.

Journey to Sacred Mountain to find source of problem.

River monster has moved into spring and is drawing water's energy.

Odd to see hydra this far south.  Wondering why.

// Massive engineering project up north is displacing hydras

// King is extracting massive amounts of energy from earth to obtain ultimate power


---
Faries have been infesting houses lately.  Can be heard knocking in the walls and floorboards.  Must extract faries into jars and release them away from house.



---
Festival at nearby town.  Travel to take in festivities.

Decide to take ship to shorten journey.  Turns out they have been Shanghaied by pirates!  Fight off pirates and swim ashore near distant town.

Meets young woman at other town.  Woman is clever inventor.  Building machines to help her uncle's milling business.  Is traveling to festival town to demonstrate her new threshing machine.  Hires hero to escort her and uncle to town.

At town, miller's guild steals thresher's plans.  Hero must break into guild HQ to retrieve plans.  Run in with authorities - hero must flee village.  Returns home (rumors of town under siege).



---
Troops come to village, having heard reports of Hydra.  Impose martial law.

// Innate mild magic abilities of townsfolk due to energy contamination

// Since Hydras are drawn to energy sources, suspect that village may be on top of undiscovered energy source.

Learn of village artifact that focuses magic power.  Locals use it as source of healing.

Door to door search looking for village artifact.  Chief asks Hero to smuggle artifact to distant friendly regent.


---
Travels north to dark mountains.  Village at base of mountain is terrorized by were beasts.  Suspect vampire in castle is source of trouble.

Mountain pass north blocked by ice.  Spends night at vampire's castle.  Vampire very intested in artifact hero is carying.  Can sense its presence.

// Vampire lives with beautiful, young, very pale woman from nearby village.

// Vampires follow an ancient tradition that seeps life energy from others.  Manufacture magic artifacts.  Forced into reluctanct aliance with king.

// Vampire would rather the artifact be held by minor lord than king.

During night, hero witnesses Vampire creating monsters with life force energy drawn from sacred spring.

Next day vampires' servants have cleared pass.  Hero can continue.


---

Arrives at 





-> Megalomaniac extracts earth energy to gain massive power
-> Estranged family gets back together
-> Member of orginaztion begins to question group's beliefs and must come to their own conculsions
-> 





Vampire has been draining energy of young maiden.  Must find and stake vampire to remove threat.

Person has been poisoned.  Must go on quest for antidote.

Escorts village elder to distant temple on pilgrimage.  Elder wants to visit one last time before death.

Lord's troops take control of village - impose martial law.  Looking for fugitive magician.  Doing door to door searches.

Hero's girlfriend is captured by king's troops.


